# Org.OpenAPITools - the PowerShell module for the MetaDefender Core

## Developer Guide
This is the API documentation for *MetaDefender Core Public API*.  If you would like to evaluate or have any questions about this documentation, please contact us via our [Contact Us](https://opswat.com/contact) form. 
## How to Interact with MetaDefender Core using REST
Beginning with MetaDefender Core 4.x, OPSWAT recommends using the JSON-based REST API. The available methods are documented below.
> _**Note**:_ MetaDefender API doesn't support chunk upload, however is recommended to stream the files to MetaDefender as part of the upload process. 
---
## File Analysis Process

  MetaDefender's main functionality is to analyze large volumes with a high throughput. Depending on the configuration and licensed technologies, the analysis times can vary. 
  Below is a brief description of the API integration flow:

  1. Upload a file for analysis (`POST /file`), which returns the `data_id`: [File Analysis](#operation/fileAnalysisPost)). 
    
    > _**Note**:_ The performance depends on:      
    > - number of nodes (scaling)
    > - number of engines per node
    > - type of file to be scanned
    > - Metadefender Core and nodes' hardware
  

  2. You have 2 ways to retrieve the analysis report: 
    - **Polling**: Fetch the result with previously received data_id (`GET /file/{data_id}` resource) until scan result belonging to data_id doesn't reach the 100 percent progress_percentage: ( [Fetch processing result](#operation/userLogin))
  
    > _**Note**:_ Too many data_id requests can reduce performance. It is enough to just check every few hundred milliseconds.
    
    - **Callbackurl**: Specify a callbackurl that will be called once the analysis is complete. 

  3. Retrieve the analysis results anytime after the analysis is completed with hash for files (md5, sha1, sha256) by calling [Fetch processing result](#operation/userLogin). 
    - The hash can be found in the scan results

  4. Retrieve processed file (sanitized, redacted, watermarked, etc.) after the analysis is complete. 
    > _**Note**:_ Based on the configured retention policy, the files might be available for retrieval at a later time. 

---
OPSWAT provides some sample codes on [GitHub](https://github.com/OPSWAT) to make it easier to understand how the MetaDefender REST API works.


This PowerShell module is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: v4.18.0
- SDK version: 
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PowerShellClientCodegen
    For more information, please visit [https://github.com/OPSWAT/metadefender-core-openapi3](https://github.com/OPSWAT/metadefender-core-openapi3)

<a name="frameworks-supported"></a>
## Frameworks supported
- PowerShell 3.0 or later

<a name="dependencies"></a>
## Dependencies
- C# API client generated by OpenAPI Generator AND should be located in $ScriptDir\csharp\OpenAPIClient as stated in Build.ps1

<a name="installation"></a>
## Installation
Run the following command to generate the DLL
- [Windows] `Build.ps1`

Then import module from the .\src\Org.OpenAPITools folder:
```powershell
using Org.OpenAPITools.Org.OpenAPITools/API;
using Org.OpenAPITools.Client;
using Org.OpenAPITools.Org.OpenAPITools/Model;
```

